# PRIVACY POLICY

### Effective Date: June 1, 2024

Fischer Law, LLC (hereinafter referred to as “Fischer Law,” “us,” “we,” “our,” or “Firm”) created this Privacy Policy to apply to information collected through this website (https://jordanfischerlaw.com/) and all digital assets contained or offered therein (“Website”).  This Privacy Policy describes, among other things, the types of Information we collect from users when you use our Website, how we use it, and how you can access your Information.  This Policy does not apply to any of the legal services provided by Fischer Law

This Privacy Policy is integrated into and supplements our Terms of Use (“Terms”). 

By using the Website and providing us with your Information (defined below in Section I), you acknowledge and agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and Terms referenced above and to any updates to these policies posted here from time to time. 

If you are coming to our Website from the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), or United Kingdom (UK), or certain U.S. States, you may be entitled to certain individual rights under applicable Data Protection Laws. Please see the Notice to Certain Residents of Data Subject Rights for more information.

## INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We only collect information that you provide to us. The information covered herein is referred to collectively as “Information,” and may include “Personal Information” or “Personal Data” as those terms are defined under applicable law. Specifically, Information includes any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, who could be identified either directly or indirectly by reference to an identifier such as name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person. 

In using our Website, you may provide us with Information, including, without limitation:

* Individual identifiers such as name, username, date of birth;
* Contact information such as mailing address, email address, postal address, and telephone number(s);
* Communications with us, preferences, or other Information you provide to us such as any messages (including via online chat features), opinions, and feedback that you provide to us, your user preferences (such as in receiving updates or marketing information), and other Information that you share with us when you contact us directly (such as for customer support services); and
* Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.

### Cookies & Technologies Use to Collect Information About You
We and/or certain service providers operating on our behalf may collect information about your activity, or activity on devices associated with you over time, on our sites and applications, and across non-affiliated websites or online applications. We may collect this Information by using certain technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, and other technologies.  Third-party service providers, advertisers, and/or partners may also view, edit, or set their own cookies or place web beacons.
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.  You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
Do Not Track. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.  We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the Information collected on our Website for online advertising and analytics purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed herein.  However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals.
Our use of online tracking technologies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain laws. To the extent that disclosing information to these online tracking technologies is deemed to be a “sale” or “sharing” under certain laws, you can opt out of these online tracking technologies by broadcasting an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Controls (GPC). Please note that some features of our website may not be available to you as a result of these choices. 

## HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
### Use and Purpose of Processing Your Information
We use and process your Information for things that may include, but are not limited to, the following:
* To provide you with the Website and information you request; 
* To respond to your comments, inquiries, and questions and provide customer service;
* To comply with our Terms of Service or comply with other contracts we have with you;
* To comply with any applicable laws and regulations and respond to lawful requests; and/or
* For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your Information and/or pursuant to your consent.

We may also use Information that has been de-identified and/or aggregated for purposes not otherwise listed above.

### Sharing Your Information

We may share your Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:
Third-Party Service Providers.We may share your Information with third-party service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Website, assist with fraud and cybersecurity, manage databases, perform analyses, provide customer service, or send communications for us).  These third-party service providers are authorized to use your Information only as necessary to provide these services to us.  In some instances, we may aggregate Information we collect so third parties do not have access to your identifiable Information to identify you individually.
Disclosure of Information for Legal, Administrative and Regulatory Reasons.We may disclose your Information without notice: (i) when required by law or to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process; (ii) to cooperate with or undertake an internal or external investigation or audit; (iii) to comply with legal, regulatory, or administrative requirements of governmental authorities (including, without limitation, requests from the governmental authorities to view your Information) or the relevant gaming authorities; (iv) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of us, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and any of our or their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors and partners, and the Website users; (v) to enforce or apply our Terms of Service; and (vi) to verify the identity of the user of our Website.
Business Transfers. Your Information may be shared, transferred, sold, or otherwise conveyed (“Conveyed”) to a third party in connection with, or during the negotiation of: (i) a merger with or acquisition by another business entity; (ii) a financing; (iii) a sale of all or substantially all our assets; (iv) an adjudication of bankruptcy; or (v) a liquidation or other  You agree to any and all such Conveyances of your Information.
With Your Consent. We may share Information consistent with this Privacy Policy with your consent.

### Sale or Sharing of Your Information
We do not sell or share your Information. 

### Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Information
We do not collect, use, or disclose sensitive Information on our Website. 

## LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Website may contain links to third-party websites that are subject to their own terms of service and privacy policy.  If you submit personal Information to any of those websites, applications or Social Media Platforms, your Information is governed by their privacy policies.  We have no control over, do not necessarily endorse, and are not responsible for, the content, advertising, products, services, or other materials on or available from these websites or for any information that you may submit on that site. Links to any other websites or content do not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by us of the linked website, Social Media Platform, and/or content.

## INFORMATION SECURITY
We use commercially reasonable measures to provide our Website.  However, you should assume that no data transmitted over the Internet or stored or maintained by us or our third-party service providers can be 100% secure.  Therefore, although we believe the measures implemented by us reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved, we do not promise or guarantee, and you should not expect, that your Information or private communications will always remain private or secure.  We do not guarantee that your Information will not be misused by third parties.  We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security features.  You agree that we will not have any liability for misuse, access, acquisition, deletion, or disclosure of your Information. If you believe that your Information has been accessed or acquired by an unauthorized person, you shall promptly How to Contact Us so that necessary measures can quickly be taken.

## DATA RETENTION
We will retain your Information for as long as needed to provide you Website.  We will retain and may continue to process your Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.  In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Information you have submitted to us.  We are under no obligation to store such Information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Information.

## YOUR CHOICES
Marketing Communications. If you do not want to receive marketing and promotional emails from us, you may click on the “unsubscribe” link in the email to unsubscribe and opt-out of marketing email communications or see How to Contact Us below for more information.
Opting Out of Direct Marketing by Third Parties. To exercise choices regarding the marketing information you receive, you may also review the following links:
* You may opt-out of tracking and receiving tailored advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at aboutads.info/appchoices.
* You may opt-out of receiving permissible targeted advertisements by using the NAI Opt-out tool available at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 or visiting About Ads at http://optout.aboutads.info.
* You can opt-out of having your activity on our Website made available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out add-on for your web browser by visiting: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout for your web browser.

## NOTICE TO CERTAIN RESIDENTS OF DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Residents of certain U.S. states and international jurisdictions may have rights and choices regarding their personal information. To the extent any data protection law applies to our collection of your personal information, this supplemental section of our Privacy Policy outlines the individual rights you may be entitled to and how to exercise those rights.
Depending on where you live and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights.
* Right to Know and Access. You may have the right to request that we confirm whether we process your personal information, and to request information about our collection and use of your personal information, including whether we sell or share your personal information. You also have the right to request access to personal information we may process about you.
* Right to Data Portability. Where the processing is carried out by automated means, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the right to request and obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable format. In addition, to the extent technically feasible, you may have the right to obtain your personal information in a readily usable format that allows you to transmit the personal information to another data controller without hindrance.
* Right to Request Correction of Inaccurate Personal Information. To the extent that we may maintain inaccurate personal information, you may have the right to request that we correct such inaccurate personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
* Right to Request Deletion. You may have the right to request that we delete certain personal information or records provided by or obtained about you, with certain exceptions and limitations as allowed under law.
* Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Personal Information. You may have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for the purpose of selling or sharing your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not sell or share your personal information.
* Right to Opt-Out of the Use of Personal Information for Targeted Advertising and Profiling. You may have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. We do not use your Information for targeted advertising or profiling purposes.
* Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. You may have the right to request that we limit the ways we use and disclose your sensitive personal information to uses which are necessary for us to perform the Website, or deliver the goods reasonably expected by you, or as authorized by law.
* Right to Non-Discrimination. You may have a right to not be discriminated against in the Website or quality of Website you receive from us for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights in this section including denying goods or Website, charging different prices or rates for goods or Website, or providing a different level of quality of goods and Website. However, we may offer a different price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or Website, including offering goods or Website for no fee, if you have exercised your right to opt-out.
* Right to Disclosure of Direct Marketers. You may have a right to know the categories and names/addresses of third parties that have received personal information for their direct marketing purposes upon simple request, and free of charge.
* Right to Appeal. You may have the right to appeal our denial of any request you make under this section. To exercise your right to appeal, please submit an appeal request via the information in the How to Contact Us section below or using the Your Privacy Choices form. Within the certain timeframe of receipt of your appeal, as proscribed by the applicable law we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to your appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If we deny your appeal, you may contact the Attorney General or another authority which we will help you identify.

### Lawful Basis for Processing Your Information
The lawful basis for our processing of your Personal Data will depend on the purposes of the processing. For most Personal Data processing activities covered by this Privacy Policy, the lawful basis is that the processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests. Where we process Personal Data in relation to a contract or a potential contract with you, the lawful basis is that the processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. If we are required to share Personal Data with law enforcement agencies or other governmental bodies, we do so on the basis that we are under a legal obligation to do so. We will also use consent as the legal basis where we deem appropriate or to the extent required by applicable law, for example, before we collect precise location data from your mobile device.
Depending on what Personal Data we collect from you and how we collect it, we may also rely on various grounds for processing your Personal Data, including the following reasons:
* Processing on the basis of legitimate business interests. When we process Personal Data on the basis that the processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests, such interests include: (i) providing, improving, and promoting our Website; (ii) communicating with current and potential customers, other business partners, and their individual points of contact; (iii) managing our relationships with our customers and other business partners, and their individual points of contact; (iv) other business development purposes; (v) sharing information within the Company, as well as with service providers and other third parties; and (vi) maintaining the safety and security of our products, Website, and employees, including fraud protection.
* Processing on the basis of performance of a contract. Examples of situations in which we process Personal Data as necessary for performance of a contract include e- commerce transactions in which you purchase a service from us.
* Processing on the basis of consent. Examples of processing activities for which we may use consent as its legal basis include: (i) collecting and processing precise location information from your mobile device; (ii) sending promotional emails when consent is required under applicable law; and (iii) processing Personal Data on Company Website through cookies and similar technologies when consent is required by applicable law.
* Processing because we are under a legal obligation to do so. Examples of situations in which we must processes Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations include: (i) providing your Personal Data to law enforcement agencies and other governmental bodies when required by applicable laws; (ii) retaining business records required to be retained by applicable laws; and (iii) complying with court orders or other legal process.
If the processing of your Information is based on your consent, the GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018 also allow users the right to access, revoke, or modify your consent at any time. Please see the How to Contact Us section, below, to review or modify your consents.

### Consent to Transfer
We are operated in the United States, and we may use service providers based in the United States to operate our business and our relationship with you. Please be aware that Information, including your Personal Data, that we collect will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. We maintain measures to address the transfer of your Personal Data between our group companies and between us and our third-party providers in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.

## IX. EXERCISING YOUR DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
To exercise any of the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us via the methods described below.  The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Information, or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, if you request access to or deletion of your Information, we will take steps and may require you to provide certain information to verify your identity before granting you access to your Information or complying with your request.  In addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of Information, we may require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Information is the subject of the request. 
If permitted by the applicable data protection law, you may use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf provided that the authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity that you have authorized to act on your behalf.  If you use an authorized agent, we will require: (1) proof of written permission for the authorized agent to make requests on your behalf, and identity verification from you; or (2) proof of power of attorney pursuant under applicable law.  Only you or your authorized agent may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Information.  We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proper verification proof.  You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. 

## X. GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION OF DATA STORAGE AND PROCESSING
Our Website is targeted to individuals located in the United States. As such, the Website collects Information and processes and stores that Information in databases located in the United States. If you are visiting the Website from a country outside the United States, you should be aware that you may transfer personally identifiable Information about yourself to the United States, and that the data protection laws of the United States may not be as comprehensive as those in your own country. By visiting the Website and submitting any personally identifiable Information, you consent to the transfer of such personally identifiable Information to the United States.

## XI. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Website is intended only for users over the age of sixteen (16). If we become aware that a user is under sixteen (16) (or a higher age threshold where applicable) and has provided us with Information, we will take steps to comply with any applicable legal requirement to remove such Information. Contact us if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected Information from a child under the age of sixteen (16).

## XII. DIFFICULTY ACCESSING OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Individuals with disabilities who are unable to usefully access our Privacy Policy online may contact us to inquire how they can obtain a copy of our policy in another, more easily readable format.
XIII. “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS
We do not support “Do Not Track.” Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable “Do Not Track” by visiting the “Preferences” or “Settings” page of your web browser. Do Not Track is different from Global Privacy Controls (“GPC”), which may notify websites of consumers’ privacy preferences regarding the sale or sharing of personal Information, or the use of sensitive personal Information.

## XIV. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change, modify, or amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in our products and service offerings, accommodate new technologies, regulatory requirements, or other purposes. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the “Effective Date” and such changes will be effective upon posting. It is your obligation to check our current Privacy Policy for any changes.

## XV. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Information we have collected about you, please contact us at info@jordanfischerlaw.com. 
