---
layout: post
title: Welcome to my personal webpage!
---

### Welcome!

I am so excited to launch my personal webpage! I am very thankful to have an opportunity to work on many different projects with a variety of colleagues, friends, and family members. This webpage will be a way of providing access to those fun projects, and to explore more about my own growth and development!

#### What can you expect on here?

* First and foremost, my hope is to use the platform to discuss what it is like to open and run a business. The ups, the downs, and all of the in-between. Maybe this will inspire *you* to start your own business. Maybe it will help to demystify what it means to be a business owner/entrepreneur. When I went to start my business, I was looking for any and all information to help -- and I want to share what I have learned in my own journey!

* Second, I hope to write about a variety of different projects and initiatives I am excited to be working on! This will include a lot of privacy, security, and technology, but I hope to go beyond that as well!

#### A little about me!

In addition to what you can find on the [About Me](https://jordanfischer.me/about/), I wanted to introduce myself in more detail! I consider myself somewhat of a modern day jack of all trades. In fact, that provides both challenges and opportunities. The challenge is that I want to *do it all* and sometimes become overwhelmed with that desire! However, this same trait keeps me on my toes, involved in a variety of different journeys, and always up to explore and try new things. 


